tests/riotboot/flashwrite: add automatic test (#15559)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: tests/riotboot_flashwrite/README.md

Please see the README of examples/nanocoap_server for instructions on how to
set up a network for testing.

## Requirements

> This test uses libcoap to send the firmware to the device over coap.

Reviewer: According to the test script, it's rather using aiocoap Python package and not libcoap:

```suggestion
This test uses [aiocoap](https://pypi.org/project/aiocoap/) to send the firmware to the device over coap.
```
